And, um, I, I aspire to be as friendly and nice as he, because he, uh,
like, have you seen these videos, like Kiana Reeves?
Did you see the one of counter Reeves got, um, with the, on the bus,
uh, where, where the flight was was when was that?
The flight was like delayed this year. Right.
And let me just pull this up. Keanu Reeves,
uh, airport, airport van. Here we go.
Kendall Reeves and co passengers road trip back to LA. Oh,
because he was in Barstow and they couldn't fly back or something.
Oh, Bakersfield. Yeah. So I got on a plane with counter Reeves.
He was very pleasant. Took photos, talked about latest project with two variants
are playing with Canada was diverted to Bakersfield. Hold on an announcement.
Yeah.
You need to stay in this area.
You walk out more. I can't stop you from walking out
and saying, Hey, I need to get on the plane. It's not going to happen.
Canada's coast. How far they just announced, maybe talking,
maybe taking the bus.
[Inaudible].
Where are you going? Bakersfield was closed. There were no employees,
but they did open a Blimpie for account of got up.
Also airline employees in route to airport. Kendra has a question.
[Inaudible] when you're back later or deal with customer service.
That'd be riding the bus. We counter, he chose to stay in the wait,
hang in Bakersfield,
or get on a bus with the Kiano and he's got the speed thing.
Okay. So kind of gets on the bus.
California and the 52nd, most populous city in the nation.
This is
two hour drive back to LA and kind of just sitting there and people were just
filming him.
In the bus.
Like it could be so awkward and this guy
can, was just loving, look, counter Reeves,
walking into Carl's. Jr.
He just like, can you, can you put it, there you go.
Right.
There were then there were only five. Goodbyes are always sad,
but counters kept it together. Finally arrived, Man.
I just kind of reads his attitude is so
good, dude. I mean, it's just, I,
I want to be that positive and I just, I think that all the time,
I think that all the time,
and then something happens and it's all out the window,
dude. I want to be positive. I told you about the story in the podcast.
When I went to the John wick,
two premiere and I was like sitting there and I got to see counter read finally
has been a big [inaudible] fan for a long time.
And everyone is loving calories now. And I'm like the guy,
the annoying guy in high school. That's like, yeah,
but I knew the band before they started, dude. I was,
I've been through it with Kiano. I loved Ken Robinson's bill and Ted as a kid.
I loved piano. Never did I dip? Always. People were like, Oh,
he's not a good actor, bro. y'all okay. And I don't mean to say y'all
he is a good actor and he's also the last movie star straight up. But,
but, uh,
so I was at the John with two premiere and then I think I told you this story,
but I was so excited to see Kennedy is going to get up and talk in front of
everybody. So he does. And he's like, thank you very much.
And as he's leaving somebody behind me goes who Keanu and does a
line from point break.
And I'm like this going to make this moment about him. I'm so off at this guy,
making this moment about Canada, Reeves,
making this moment about him when it should be about counter Reeves and everyone
gets to share this experience, but this guy's calling out Hecklin counter Reese.
This I'm turned around. I'm so angry.
And then I looked back at Kennedy's Kendra's is smiling and did the other line
from the movie. And I was like, Oh,
that's the difference between a nice guy. And to me, the
roofs taught me about life. And he doesn't even know it. Dude.
The positivity that this guy has just so grateful.
And I want to be like that every day. I think I want to be like that.
And then every day something happens
and we get back to, well, go yourself.
At least I have that though. I mean, I'm not even 40,
I'm the youngest guy you ever met. But at least I still,
I have some life experience. At least, at least I still am hanging on to that.
I want to be positive. It all starts with there. I'm at the bottom step.
I'm at the bottom rung of it. You know what I'm talking about?
I'm at the bottom rung of it. And at least I'm at the bottom rung of it.
At least I'm not underground. You know? Cause some guys are like, nah,
being positive. The world's negative. I'm a negative guy. it.
You can't beat them. Join them. I'm a troll, right? I'm not, I won't be that.
I won't be that. I want to be positive.
But as soon as I step out to a thing and then somebody is like,
Hey bro, nah, that's it, dude. You want to talk?
I'm not Kiano anymore. I'm kiddo in my head.
As soon as you want to talk, that's it dude.
Back to crystal, Leah,
don't this up for me, dude. I'm trying to live that Canto lifestyle.
I'm trying to live that Kiano lifestyle. And you're trying to it up for me
By talking. You know what I mean? By saying, Hey, what are you from? Hey dude,
loved you and workaholics. All right, cool. That's it. I'm out.
I'm out back to Krista, Leah, baby.
We can, we all be as positive,
positive as Kiana Reeves in a van
from Bakersfield to LA.
Imagine how mad I be. Dude.
Imagine how mad my blood. When we, first of all,
this is how it goes. We're diverting to a Bakersfield. Actually. This is me.
Uh, what? We're diverting to Bakersfield. We can't get to the Y.
Hey, hello? Hey.
Why? Well we can't. Oh,
well you're going to have to otherwise I get up and I get mad. Well,
we're just going to, okay. So we land cool. Hey, there's no plane. Uh,
or employees. I bring the thing with me. I bring the button with me.
I'm out of the plane.
I bring the button with me and I put it up to where I'm sitting.
I put it up above me and I go, boom. And I say, where's the flight attendant.
I should still be on the plane. So I should still have a flight attendant.
We landed early. Bring me a flight attendant. Yes.
Where's the new plane where there isn't one. Oh yeah.
Well, congratulations. I live in Barstow now. it.
I'm where I should be because that's when we land where we should.
So I won't accept that we're in, in Barre, Bakersfield, Barstow,
where the is the same thing. I won't accept them in Bakersfield, wherever I am.
This is home because that's where I thought it was going. You take me home.
This is home. Buy me a couch, buy me walls, buy me heat, buy me food.
Set me the up. I live here now. That's my attitude.
And if I was on a plane with counter, Karen will be like, well, you know,
maybe look, let's just go take a bus. Hey man.
I don't think you're listening to me, dude. I live here.
This is my home.
And counter was just like, let's take a bus.
The only reason way I'd get on that bus is if I was with Keanu
and then imagine somebody looking at Hey man, speed all over again. Huh?
How mad I would be if I was County, I don't bring up my movies.
Can we just chill? Don't record me dude,
but this guy's just loving it bro. Constantly. Sure. Film.
She'll take a bus. The Vertin no prob
there's no employees.
All you got to eat is Blimpy's this guy's just loving it.
It's got a Blimpie's end Carl's Jew and stopped to get Carl's Jr.
On real. Uh,
so that's amazing.